Update Operator Fee FMA with failure modes discovered during protocol testing (#230)
ethereum-optimism/design-docs: security/fma-operator-fee.md

                - No ETH is minted or burned as a result of the operator fee being charged.
                - When the operator fee parameters are configured to `0`, the operator fee is not applied.
                    - The operator fee may never apply on the Isthmus transition block.
        - https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/7e6825bfb4affe7bda58ba2b32cad4c6b0198734/op-acceptance-tests/tests/isthmus/fees_test.go#L82-L83
            - Covers (`op-geth`, `op-node`, `op-reth`, and other OP EL + CL clients supported by kurtosis): For all OP Stack EL/CL pairs (running on a kurtosis devnet,) the operator fee neither mints nor burns ETH on the L2. Additionally, asserts that clients participating in the devnet stay in-sync throughout the test.
- **Recovery Path(s):**
    - Depending on the severity of impact, and if the impacted client is sequencing the network or being used in the bridge's proof, we can choose to make the bug canonical, manually re-collateralizing the bridge on L1. Or, we could pause the bridge and hardfork to destroy any new ETH or re-mint any lost ETH.
  
### FM6: Transaction Pool is not updated to reflect transaction fee requirements

> - **Description:** If the new transaction fee formula is not properly represented in the tx pool admission function implementation, then a transaction can enter the pool without being valid for inclusion in a block, causing the transaction to get stuck in the pool.

Reviewer: This should not be a blocker given the operator fee will be set to 0 for op mainnet, but it is something that we should fix

    - If the bug is located in op-node, a new version must be deployed.
    - If the bug is located in the `L1Block` contract, the contract must be upgraded to fix the bug.

### FM9: Overflow/Underflow of operator fee calculation
- **Description:** If the operator fee calculation is vulnerable to overflows or underflows then it could be possible to manipulate the calculation through, say, a deliberately large gasUsed in order to trigger that overflow or underflow and charge a negative fee. 
- **Risk Assessment:** high severity / low likelihood
- **Mitigations:**
  - The calculation cannot overlow or underflow. See context below:

    > `gas` is a uint64, so `(gasUsed * operatorFeeScalar / 1e6) + operatorFeeConstant` can be at most `(u64.max * u32.max / 1e6) + u64.max ~= 7.924660923989131e+22`, which is an int of bit length 77 and fits comfortably within a uint256 variable allocation.

- **Detection:**

>   - NAT fuzz testing (TODO)

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to remove this. It doesn't make sense to fuzz something that is mathematically impossible. If anything, we should add a test that just uses the intN.max values for all fields to show that even with the highest possible input parameters, it doesn't overflow.

- [ ] Implement automated monitoring on dabase growth rate

**Testing**
- [ ] (BLOCKING): **NAT tests** with Kurtosis
    - [ ] A force inclusion transaction from L1.
    - [ ] A case with EIP7702. Since now EOA can have code, we need to check whether transactions without `msg.sender`, `tx.origin` leads to unexpected behavior
- [ ] (BLOCKING): ***Differential Fuzzing*** with op-reth/op-geth to avoid any chain-split on the operator fee component (with the refund).

**Monitoring:** 
- [ ] (NON-BLOCKING): **Monitoring** a conservation of balance invariant. If the invariant is broken it should immediately raise alerts.
  - [**PR:** feat(monitorism): Add ETH conservation invariant monitor](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/monitorism/pull/135)

## Audit Requirements

An audit has not been deemed necessary on **L1** for the relatively simple changes to the SystemConfig contract, which has been reviewed by Base internal security team. 

Indeed, the only addition is the `setOperatorFeeScalars` function, which is a setter function that updates the operator fee parameters and trigger an event. This function is callable by the SystemConfig owner only.

> However, for the **clients code** (op-geth/op-reth) and not the smart contracts: Since this is modifiying **the state transition**, @Ethnical recommends an audit of this feature, however they would need to see with other member of evm-safety to know what they think etc). Following a conversation with @clabby, @tynes, @teddyknox and @Ethnical the decision was made not to block the release of Isthmus on an audit of the op-geth logic touched.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An audit has not been deemed necessary right now of this feature. 
For more context, the feature is about to be used by a low amount of Chain Operator in the near future.  
Following a conversation with @clabby, @tynes, @teddyknox and @Ethnical the decision was made not to block the release of Isthmus on an audit of the `op-geth` logic touched.
However, to make an audit in parallel of the implementation of the feature in case in near feature of an wide adoption of this feature. 
To recap most of the current chains would not have this feature enabled.  
```

Below is what needs to be done before launch to reduce the chances of the above failure modes occurring, and to ensure they can be detected and recovered from:

 
- [ ] Coordinate with wallet providers to update their fee estimation logic
- [ ] Implement automated monitoring on dabase growth rate

> **Testing**

Reviewer 4: @teddyknox, @yoonchung8822  - If we need to resolve all of the newly added and mentioned AIs for the Operator fee FMA, does that mean we will need to move this feature for some next upgrade, since the general rule we followed in the past is that we need to close all AI before we ship a feature to Mainnet.
